1. What is a polling-based approach? What's the potential problems in polling-based approach?
    A polling-based approach is when the processor loops checking if new data is present and then processes is once it is ready.
    The potential problem is that the processor wastes most of its time doing nothing instead of being useful.
    
2. What do you normally need to initialize before using the board?
    Initialize the AIC23 codec. Set various values such as the sampling rate, the input source, and polling/interrupt mode.
    Also automatically set are the input gain settings, digital audio interface format, etc.
    
3. How to control/configure DSK peripheral components like DIP switches and LEDs?
    DSK peripheral components are controlled using functions that are defined in the BSL. For example, the DIP switches are queried using DSK_6713_DIP_get() and the
    LEDs are turned on using DSK6713_LED_on()
    
4. Can you explain the APIs for ADC and DAC?
    The APIs for the ADC and DAC are defined using the files that are included with the books and their behavior is defined by several functions.
    For the Chassaing book, input_left_sample() retrieves a sample from the left channel of the enabled input of the ADC. If comm_poll() was called to
    set up a polling-based approach, it polls and waits until the RRDY (receive ready) bit of the McBSP serial port control register (SPCR) indicates that
    data is ready. If comm_intr() was called to set up an interrupt-based approach, the data should already be ready. output_left_sample() is used for
    outputting data and works in a similar way, checking XRDY (transmit ready) of the McBSP SPCR.
    
5. Which serial port handles reading? Which for writing?
    According to Chassaing (pg. 46), McBSP0 is used as unidirectional control and McBSP1 is used as a bidirectional channel for both sending and receiving.

6. Given the sampling rate of the codec, are you able to tell the output frequency of the sinusoid? (e.g., in Task 1)
    Yes, it takes 8 samples to output on full period of the sinusoid, and 8,000 samples are outputted every second, so 1,000 sinusoids are outputted per second,
    for a frequency of 1 kHz.